well howdy there Internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
how Barbie can change the world this
isn't an ad
so I mentioned offhand to my body that I
bought my daughter some Barbies and he's
like man as well because you are can't
believe you'd do that
reinforcing unrealistic body image and
all that would've been cool if he meant
that but he said it as a joke
um I'm gonna take this opportunity to
let everybody know that barbie is woke
now I mean as well cuz any large
multinational corporation can be the
Barbie that we knew if you're my age oh
that's gone that is gone the unrealistic
body image is gone yeah there are still
some dolls that have hourglass figures
but there's also some that are
pear-shaped there's varying body styles
among the dolls they range in skin tone
from super white to super dark there is
no more you know just three there's of
our being a wheelchair it's just very
different the jobs that barbie has now
are no longer like home maker Barbie
before that I got my daughter and this
plays into the rest of the story the
first one of course was photojournalists
Barbie because I mean come on
and then astrophysicists Barbie wildlife
conservationist Barbie and marine
biologist Barbie as I gathered them
right about the time I got them all a
little girl walks up her mom in tow and
blond-haired blue-eyed white little girl
white mom it's important and she is in
an utter panic looking for marine
biologist Barbie so I stand there just
in case you can't find
and she wants it because her little
sister wants it for Christmas and her
little sister all she wants to be his
marine biologist that's all she's ever
wanted to be it's why she goes to golf
world all the time blah blah blah blah
she finds one turns around hands it to
her mom who thinks nothing of putting
this doll in the cart you know what that
tells me we win that's what it tells me
it wasn't that long ago that mom might
have offered some resistance to this
doll no no hesitation whatsoever if you
are currently dealing with the systemic
racism in the United States I'm sure the
fact that some little white girl in the
backwoods of Florida is going to be
happy playing with a black Barbie doll
that probably doesn't mean a whole lot
but look at a different way this is who
she wants to be this is who she's gonna
act out her adventures with this is
gonna be her hero that's all she wanted
that is going to alter her mindset about
race relations in general so yeah we are
seeing a lot more bigotry right now but
it will fade that's why I don't I don't
criticize local brands as much as a lot
of people yeah most of them its
performative it's an act it's to get
social capital who cares that's the
effect who cares
even if it is an act if the results are
real it doesn't matter that it was an
act I say it doesn't I would say it
doesn't when brands do this
they are probably doing it for all the
wrong reasons but the results will end
up being right that's why people fought
to wake brands up for so long because
that little girl's hero
who's gonna be that it's gonna be hurt
and I sent a couple days when she opens
it up on Christmas she's gonna be super
excited for a black Barbie doll I can
tell you that it was not long ago when
that wouldn't have been the case anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night